[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I think the reason why
I practice is to heal.
I had wanted to go maybe do some
therapy, but couldn't afford it
and I didn't have enough money
to sort of sit and tell someone
all of my troubles and
all of my problems.
And I realized there's another
way for me to know myself.
You know, I've been a drinker,
a smoker, I've done drugs--
all this stuff.
Nothing has given me the peace
that meditation has given me.
It allowed me now to go, oh,
all that's still out there.
I could do all that
to kill my pain again,
but I've already
done that dance.
The dance didn't fill me up!
[CHUCKLES]
I had to learn the hard
way, and go bankrupt,
and be poor, and be broke, and
hold onto my little food stamp
container of coins that I got
when I was seven years old.
I had to begin to sever my
connection to a consciousness
that was poverty-stricken.
So now, I just try to go,
when I get antsy, sit down.
Just sit down.
Let it try to work
itself out that way.
My brain is a computer.
It will always
run because that's
what it was designed to do.
The Chaos.
Nervous energy.
Catholic upbringing.
God.
Divinity first.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
So how do I develop the ability
to slow my computer down so
I have peace?
So I can get to my heart.
The only way for
me to do that is
to get connected to my breath.
Even if I can't completely
let go of all my thoughts,
if I could observe
them going by,
and have a little giggle
about them, and release them,
then I feel like I'm getting
closer to my true presence.
I could sit in
front of the ocean
and listen to the ocean
on a beach for hours.
And now I think I can listen
to my breath for hours.
[BREATHING]
And then when I get
up from that state,
I sort of feel more connected.
I feel happier.
I feel more observant.
I feel kinder.
It's helped my work in the
last two years immeasurably.
Because you have to
understand, I'm an actor.
So I've got to go to the theater
tonight and be this other guy.
And I'm an actor who throws
himself so fully into his work
that it takes me
time to get out.
You know, I really let it
take my whole life over.
Sometimes, after a job,
I'm like, well, who am I?
What am I?
There's a Giancarlo
who is the actor, who
can soak up all that ego.
And there's the Giancarlo
who is the yogi, who
is dedicated to his practice,
who practices the physical yoga
and meditation every
single day of his life.
So how do I blend those people
together and enjoy that blend?
I always had them separate.
Breaking Bad blew everything
open because I completely
brought my practice
into my work.
I breathed.
I would go off to the side
and sit, and close my eyes,
and stare at my nose,
and listen to my breath
before I went on set.
I wanted Gustavo Fring to
be more of an observer.
And then I wanted to
add just the quiet peace
to that observance of people.
And then I wanted to be able
to access focus and intention,
even on a dark
level, right away.
They think I'm acting--
I'm not acting at all.
I think what I'm realizing
is I'm perfect just as I am.
And there's nothing
I need to do.
And that brings me really great
solace, really great peace,
really great calm.
I like that.
I'll go with that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]